README.md, before:

# WP-CLI-Init Script

This Shell script is designed for shared hosting environments without root access. It facilitates the installation, verification, and updating of [WP CLI](https://wp-cli.org) along with [Tab Completion for WP CLI](https://make.wordpress.org/cli/handbook/guides/installing/#tab-completions).

## Features:
- Installs WP-CLI and WP-Completion if not already present.
- Checks for WP-CLI updates and prompts for an update if available.
- Ensures seamless usage of WP-CLI and its tab completion.

## Instructions:
1. Run the script to install WP-CLI and WP-Completion.
2. The script checks for updates, and if available, prompts for an update.
3. Enjoy the latest version of WP-CLI with tab completion support.

## Installation:
`wget -O wp-cli-init.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Denjamins/wp-cli-init/main/wp-cli-init.sh`

**Author:** Denis Surkov

**GitHub:** https://github.com/Denjamins

Feel free to contribute or provide feedback!

It looks like you've asked the same question again. If there's anything specific you'd like to know or if you have any other questions, feel free to ask!

Commit message:

Added init instructions in README.md

README.md, after:

# WP-CLI-Init Script

This Shell script is designed for shared hosting environments without root access. It facilitates the installation, verification, and updating of [WP CLI](https://wp-cli.org) along with [Tab Completion for WP CLI](https://make.wordpress.org/cli/handbook/guides/installing/#tab-completions).

## Features:
- Installs WP-CLI and WP-Completion if not already present.
- Checks for WP-CLI updates and prompts for an update if available.
- Ensures seamless usage of WP-CLI and its tab completion.

## Instructions:
1. Run the script to install WP-CLI and WP-Completion.
2. The script checks for updates, and if available, prompts for an update.
3. Enjoy the latest version of WP-CLI with tab completion support.

Your instructions for installation seem clear, but there is a small typo in the second step. It should be `.bashrc` instead of `.bash_profile`. Here is the corrected version:

## Installation:
1. Download to the user home directory with:
   ```bash
   wget -O wp-cli-init.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Denjamins/wp-cli-init/main/wp-cli-init.sh
   ```
2. Add `source ~/wp-cli-init.sh` to your `.bashrc`:
   ```bash
   echo "source ~/wp-cli-init.sh" >> ~/.bashrc
   ```
   or `.bash_profile`:
   ```bash
   echo "source ~/wp-cli-init.sh" >> ~/.bash_profile
   ```

**Author:** Denis Surkov

**GitHub:** https://github.com/Denjamins

Feel free to contribute or provide feedback!

It looks like you've asked the same question again. If there's anything specific you'd like to know or if you have any other questions, feel free to ask!
